README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
=======
# pastebin-lite
Pastebin-lite project deployment
>>>>>>> 3590996c9a9bcbf2fad3dc834366f04964e40d69

Commit message:

Revise README for pastebin-lite project
Updated README to reflect project name and deployment details.

README.md, after:

# Pastebin-Lite

A simple Pastebin clone built with Next.js and Vercel KV (Upstash Redis).
Supports TTL expiry and max view limits.

## Running Locally

1. Clone the repository:
   git clone https://github.com/Shivamdev290102/pastebin-lite.git

2. Install dependencies:
   cd pastebin-lite
   npm install

3. Create a `.env.local` file and add your Redis credentials from Vercel Upstash:
   KV_REST_API_URL=...
   KV_REST_API_TOKEN=...
   KV_REST_API_READ_ONLY_TOKEN=...
   KV_URL=...
   REDIS_URL=...

4. Start development server:
   npm run dev

5. Test endpoints:
   GET http://localhost:3000/api/healthz
   POST http://localhost:3000/api/pastes

## Persistence

This app uses Vercel KV backed by Upstash (Redis).
It ensures data persists across deployments and serverless invocations.

## Design Notes

- TTL and max-view logic are enforced in `/api/pastes/[id]`
- The page route `/p/[id]` fetches from the API, not Redis directly.
- Parameters use async destructuring required in Next.js 15.
- All API endpoints return JSON with proper HTTP codes.
